In the module SpotIdentifier, the figure produced is non ideal in several ways. There is an example image (TiledImage.tif) and pipeline (SpotID6SET.mat) in DeveloperDropBox so you have an idea of how large are the images we are dealing with. TiledImage.fig is the figure produced by that pipeline when I ran it:  
(1) the response time for some things is *very* slow when using our typical images (there is an example one in DeveloperDropBox to look at).  When selecting/deselecting which channels to view (RGB), there is a long delay (~ 10 seconds).  When hiding/showing gridlines and row/column labels, it's ok - about 1 second. Zooming in using the regular matlab zoom tool is ok, it only takes ~2 seconds to refresh. Improving speed on the channels is critical - the other things would be nice to be faster.  I think sometimes they take a long time because the computer is calculating and showing the positions of everything across the entire image when we are zoomed in on a tiny part of the image.
(2) the 'window' through which we view our image upon zooming in stays the same aspect ratio as the original image and doesn't fill up the entire available figure window. This makes it hard to really see anything.
(3) interactive zoom button doesn't really work on these large images - I think it's because it's such a large image.
(4) If interactive zoom doesn't work, it would be nice to have a scroll bar to be able to look up and down the image when zoomed in.
(5) I think last time I checked, interactive zoom snapped back to showing the entire image when the cursor leaves the field - this would be annoying if you are zoomed in and then just want to toggle the gridlines on and off for example, so i think it makes more sense for the zoom level to remain as is if the cursor leaves the field of view. 

I don't know whether these things are very practical to fix or if they are limitations of matlab - if it's going to take a lot of work to fix them we may just use photoshop for interacting with very large images. Similar manipulations (and loading the image in the first place) seem much faster in photoshop anyway. So before doing too much work on each item, it's a good idea to give an assessment of how much effort it would be and perhaps we have to abandon it.